Add Azure Database for PostgreSQL (#170)
scalar-labs/scalar-kubernetes: docs/SetupDatabaseForAzure.md

Note:-

* The [Storage auto-grow](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-gb/azure/mysql/concepts-pricing-tiers#storage-auto-grow) feature automatically increases storage without impacting the workload and is enabled by default in server configuration while creating an Azure Database for MySQL instance.

## Azure Database for PostgreSQL

> In this section, you will create an Azure Database for PostgreSQL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
Just repeating the section title is meaningless.
If we should say something more, let's do it.

Author: Thank you for the suggestion.
I have updated the section with additional information.

### Steps

> You can choose Flexible or Single server deployment for Azure Database for PostgreSQL, follow the [Azure official guide](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/postgresql/overview-postgres-choose-server-options) to learn more.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You need to choose Flexible or Single server deployment for Azure Database for PostgreSQL. Read the [Azure official guide](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/postgresql/overview-postgres-choose-server-options) to learn more.
```
`You can choose` means, you can choose it or you don't neet choose it, so it's misleading.
If users need to choose one or the other, you should say, `you need to`.
I've said this several times.

Author: Sorry for the mistake.
I have updated the sentence.

> * To create an Azure Database for PostgreSQL, 

Reviewer: It'a an action, right? Why starting with `To create`? Should it be `Create an ...`?

  * For Single Server deployment, follow this [Azure official guide](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/postgresql/quickstart-create-server-database-portal).

>   * For creating a flexible server deployment, follow this [Azure official guide](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/postgresql/flexible-server/quickstart-create-server-portal).

Reviewer: Inconsistent. `For Single Server deployment` and `For creating a flexible server deployment`.

Author: Sorry for the mistake.
I have updated it.
Thank you.

* (Optional) Configure advanced monitoring services with the [Azure official guide](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/postgresql/concepts-monitoring), monitoring is enabled in Azure Database for PostgreSQL by default.

> * (Optional) To scale resources like vCores and storage after the deployment,

Reviewer: Ditto.

>   * Follow the [Azure official guide](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-gb/azure/postgresql/concepts-pricing-tiers#scale-resources) for learning more about scaling single server resources.

Reviewer: To learn, then it should `Read`. To do steps, it should `Follow`.  Which is correct?

Author: Sorry for the mistake
`Read` will be correct considering the document linked here.
I have updated the sentence.
